This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi, and will soon see the end of the rebellion.
What a piece of junk!
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.
I'm Luke Skywalker, I'm here to rescue you.
Watch your mouth kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
Evacuate in our moment of triumph I think you overestimate their chances.
If this is a consular ship, where is the ambassador  Commander, tear this ship apart until youve found those plans. And bring me the passengers, I want them alive!
Look, good against remotes is one thing, good against the living, that's something else.
Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper
What are we going to do? We'll be sent to the spice mines of Kessel and smashed into who knows what.
That's no moon, it's a space station.
This is some rescue. You came in here and you didn't have a plan for getting out
He's the brains, sweetheart!
You just watch yourself. We're wanted men. I have the death sentence on 12 systems. I'll be careful. You'll be dead!
Mos Eisley spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
Into the garbage chute, flyboy!
This is Red 5, I'm going in.
Boring conversation anyway. Luke, we're gonna have company!
The Force is strong with this one.
I suggest a new strategy, R2. Let the wookiee win.
I'm a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan.
You are part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor. Take her away!
You're all clear, kid! Now lets blow this thing and go home!
These blast points, too accurate for sandpeople. Only imperial stormtroopers are so precise.
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon  It's the ship that made the Kessel run in less than 12 parsecs.
When I left you, I was but the learner, now I am the master. Only a master of evil, Darth.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
Use the Force, Luke.
You don't need to see his identification  These aren't the droids youre looking for  He can go about his business  Move along.
Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
May the Force be with you.
He's no good to me dead.
Apology accepted, Captain Needa.
You know, that ship saved my life quite a few times. She's the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.
The Force is strong with him. The son of Skywalker must not become a Jedi.
Oh! Nice to see a familiar face.
E chu ta!
How rude!
I am not a committee!
Would it helped if I got out and pushed? It might.
You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life.
I'm terribly sorry about all this. After all, he's only a Wookiee.
I'm standing here in pieces and you're having delusions of grandeur!
Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you?
Why, you slimy, double-crossing, no-good swindler! You've got a lot of guts coming here, after what you pulled.
I'm altering the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further.
He is as clumsy as he is stupid.
Laugh it up, Fuzzball.
Your destiny lies with me, Skywalker. Obi-Wan knew this to be true.
Why, you stuck up, half-witted, scruffy-looking Nerf herder!
Its a Trap!
I thought they smelled bad on the outside!
Luke! Luke, don't - it's a trap! It's a trap!
The Force is with you, young Skywalker. But you are not a Jedi yet.
I think you just can't bear to let a gorgeous guy like me out of your sight.
I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain.
Luke it is your destiny.
I'm not afraid. You will be. You will be.
Adventure. Heh. Excitement. Heh. A Jedi craves not these things. You are reckless.
That boy is our last hope. No. There is another.
Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately 3,720 to 1.
Never tell me the odds.
Your tauntaun will freeze before you reach the first marker.
Then I'll see you in Hell!
I love you. I know.
Do or do not. There is no try.
No, I am your father.
There is a great disturbance in the Force.
I have a bad feeling about this.
The Shield is down! Commence attack on the Death star's main reactor.
The Emperor's made a critical error, and the time for our attack has come.
Chewie, give me the gun! Don't move, Lando! No, wait! I thought you were blind! It's alright, I can see a lot better! Don't move!
Bargain rather than fight? He's no Jedi.
Well, short help is better than no help at all.
If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt, you'd probably short circuit.
Your overconfidence is your weakness.  Your faith in your friends is yours.
Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the Dark Side.
There will be no bargain, young Jedi. I shall enjoy watching you die.
A Jedi Knight? Jeez, I'm out of it for a little while, everyone gets delusions of grandeur!
Luke? Luke's crazy! He can't even take care of himself, much less rescue anybody.
Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry and use your magic.
Vader's on that ship. Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance, though, Chewie, but don't *look* like you're trying to keeping your distance. *I* don't know. Fly casual.
Together again, huh? Wouldn't miss it. How we doin'? Same as always. That bad, huh?
Don't worry, my friend's down there. He'll have that shield down in time. Or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears that you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
Good. Use your aggressive feelings, boy. Let the hate flow through you.
Yes, I said *closer*! Move as close as you can, and engage those Star Destroyers at point blank range! At that close range we won't last long against those Star Destroyers! We'll last longer than we will against that Death Star! And we might just take a few of them with us!
What is thy bidding, my master?
Never. I'll never turn to the Dark Side. You've failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me.
I do believe they think I am some kind of god. Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this? I beg your pardon General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper. Proper? It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.
This bounty hunter is my kind of scum: fearless and inventive.
The alliance... will die. As will your friends. Good, I can feel your anger. I am defenseless. Take your weapon. Strike me down with all of your hatred and your journey towards the dark side will be complete!
Master Yoda, you can't die. Strong am I with the Force, but not that strong.
I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come. It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.
And now, young Skywalker... you will die.
What could possibly have come over Master Luke? Is it something I did? He never expressed any unhappiness with my work.
As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now witness the firepower of this fully ARMED and OPERATIONAL battle station!
I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big bright blur. There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know. You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.
Boba Fett? Boba Fett? Where?
Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They do you credit, but they could be made to serve the Emperor.
I'll not leave you here. I've got to save you. You already have, Luke.
You were right, Luke.  Tell your sister, you were right.